---
title: Zion National Park Playing Cards
entity: Fun
image: /img/zion/cards-out-of-box.webp
order: 5
tags:
  - Packaging
  - Product
---

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate a package design concept that was
creative and well thought-out. These designs were inspired synthesizing two
hobbies I enjoy: rock climbing and card magic. Zion National Park has a book
store that sells very similar items, but the designs have not been printed.

![A colorful flat design featuring colors found in Zion National Park.](/img/zion/cover.webp)

As a package set, the design scaled well to wrap the faceted colors around the
entire box, showing off a wide spectrum found naturally in the park’s rock and
cave features.

A cutout in the outer package allowed visitors to verify the authenticity and
quality of the cards, without exposing the fully packaged decks inside. This box
also allowed for longer form text to be added on the sides and back, without
sacrificing negative space.

![The outer packaging for a set of two card decks.](/img/zion/outer-box.webp)

Zion National Park does not have a consistently used visual identity of their
own. The Zion word mark shown here was designed specifically for this project,
and nods to the layers of rock exposed from millenia of wear in the walls of the
Zion's iconic canyons and formations.

The card box itself was designed to be printed with a matte base and foil
stamped graphic elements.

![An opened box of cards, with the cards sliding out to reveal their matching design.](/img/zion/cards-in-box.webp)

The design of the card box needed to be premium and feel like a limited edition
set. To acheive this experience, I used a foil seal over the flap, and added an
easter egg of the climber belaying down a cliff face to the short edge bottom
panel.

![An unopened box of cards next to a deck out of the box, with the backs of the cards visible.](/img/zion/cards-out-of-box.webp)

While the card faces were to be kept standard, the design of the back needed to
match the scale and appearance of the box without being an exact copy. The bled
foil stamp of the park’s name kept a subtle branded element present without
drawing too much attention.
